some go up the others want
do not go down to the association league
duel between the tsv mengsberg and the
borussia from fulda oliver bunzenthal
wants with his eleven with a victory the
premature championship and the
climb into the hessen league perfect
make and thus the criticism of some
old-established fans are silenced
of such problems can the
host from mengsberg only dream 24
Points from 27 games are not enough
and the men around coach mario sälzer
have to worry about losing the league
Today we are the new master of
association league first action corner alex reid
The ball is short out of the picture and there
is already on the net
mattia poreski it is his borussia
head in the head with 1 0 and the
championship one piece brings it closer
only the borussia blue plays
do not free and nobody finds one
against rheydt the estore shepherd
get off wright
lies across and regulator comes one
step too late
ahead
without a break, it continues
free kick marius müller latte carrier zum
first and second but no problem
for sowing niko Semlitsch the gate of
tsv oliver bunzenthal needs it
apparently not to worry about that
the championship celebration on sunday
has to be adjourned because his team has
the lot under control
dimitri is operated by wright lays
crosswise
Jonathan Mueller slips on the sharp side
ball and past the 2 to 0 last
attack by pause tea horecki pregler
the wide flank to müller directly to
jacket wears latte and niko semlitsch
the ball buries under itself that's how it works
with a zero to one host
view in the cabins
after the break, the borusses want everything
make it clear market hunt just take a look
here and there is the thing in the gate
the courses until the flood actually
harmless shot through the fingers 2 to 0
after 46 minutes 18 event so minutes
later, the ball goes forward without it
distress at the foot no one goes to him and
he makes the third it was the seventh
season goal and the decision afterwards
Nothing happens any more about
90 minutes we have a superior
borussia seen the mengsberg im
truest senses left no chance
now not only at the
well-traveled fans celebrated hilariously
become
oliver bunzenthal is a great one with us
Thing
great thing that is already so
Five have done it early
game days before the end here
Celebrating championship is a great one
thing we have a huge support
during the whole season
we from club fans yes that also has
all again
it was the last tour the above today
get a super great guys have
that also deserves a great song
also played or group league
locations that's why I'm totally
I am very happy and happy
to the guys that they really do this
have done so great the last
months
superclass I think there is nothing
be better
already last year and I think so
this year they have the sovereign the
whole season thought and and
It is a great feeling and not if we are
We absolutely deserved it then
to have achieved
actually were just one on the sofa
relatively spontaneously spontaneous are only the
best
so I think it will be on everyone
if anything happens
we have a nice bus ride and me
I think the city has some shops
also open
there is a crash
more videos from the east hessian home
football can be found in our channel
just click on the video box
or subscribe to our channel